First Report for a Student Chosen Project

    (Please report on your progress toward completing your chosen
    project by answering the following questions.)

1. In the table below, list the dates, amount of time spent, and
description of the work that you did on your project. Follow the example
that is in the first row of the table below. Include the time you spent
doing any of the following:
    a. discussing your project with your teacher, tutor, or fellow students
    b. researching by reading articles and watching applicable videos
    c. designing your project by drawing diagrams and other applicable documents
    d. writing experimental code
    d. writing code for your project
    e. writing test functions
    f. debugging your code
    g. any other activity that helped you complete your project

            Time Spent
   Date       (hours)   Description of Work
----------  ----------  -------------------------
2023-03-09      0.5      researched project idea and watched videos on similar project
2023-03-09      1.5     Watched videos on how to use tkinter and tested in vscode 
2023-03-11      2.5       Researched more on how to create a UI with Tkinter and played around with it in vs code to create a simple UI


2. Write the names of the functions in your program.
    I havnt written any functions yet because i devoted all my time to create a UI with Tkinter

3. Answer the following questions about the functions in your program.
    a. Does each function perform a single task?
        yes
    b. Does the name of each function describe or convey the task?
    yes
    c. Do most of your program functions have parameters and return a result?
        yes
    If you answered "no" to any of the above three questions, what are
    you planning to change in your project?


4. Write the names of the test functions that you wrote to test your
program functions.
    i havnt written any test functions yet but i plan on writing test functions for all of my functions that perform calculations

